Claire: Hi, you wanted to see us?
You: Good morning, everyone. We just received a mandate from DFAC.
They are requiring all agencies to assess their IT System Operations
and provide a status update in the form of a detailed report.
Our HRIT System is listed in the directive.
Leo: When is the report due?
You: In 2 weeks. I need you to start working on it as soon as possible.
Claire: I’m a little confused. We could put together a report, but
it wouldn’t be complete. The system hasn’t even launched yet, so we
couldn’t even address things like testing, certification, and accreditation.
Leo: Claire’s right. Is there a way we can get an extension until after we’ve
launched the System, or can we figure out an alternative solution?
You: I’m not sure. Let me see what I can do.